This is going to be one of your favorite lessons because it is short but important.
What we're going to do is add links so that once we are in our base page, on the home page of our site,
we can visit each of the items in our list by clicking on a link which they will have next to them.
And so we can easily see the details pages which for now we only know how to access by typing the full
URL.
So to be able to do this, let's go back to pie.
Let's go to the HTML file of the home page of our site, which is tasks, lists.
And here we'll replicate this line.
Remember what we have here.
We have a table row that then has thanks to a loop, a row for each of the task titles.
So what's going to happen when we duplicate this?
Think of it as a table within the same row.
We will have two table data sets, i.e. two cells side by side.
Although here in the code they're on top of each other.
What you will see inside the page is a cell first and next to it.
Another cell in this second cell is where we're going to put the link.
So we leave TDI so that it starts in the same way.
But instead of putting title, we're going to put a link tag.
Link tags are written with a what is the text I want the user to see in the link.
Well it can be C details for example.
So next to each of the items in the list, we're going to be a link that says C details.
I think that's pretty clear.
So we're going to configure where we want that link to take us.
So we're going to go here inside the opening tag of a make a space and we're going to set up the r f
parameter which stands for reference.
Basically, it's the URL that takes us to the desired site.
So we're going to put this inside square brackets with the percentage signs.
Here, inside is where the URL is going to go with the name task.
And then outside the single inverted commas, we're going to put task ID so that it establishes the
number that corresponds to that task.
So with this, we have set it up and let's do something to make our table look good.
Think that if our table now has two columns, the column with the title and the column with the link,
then we will leave the second cell of that empty row so that this element will not be collapsed and
will remain in row one of our table.
With this, we we are ready.
We go to our page refresh here and the link appears next to each of the elements.
If I click here, it takes me to milk the cow.
If I go to the bottom one, it takes me to mow the lawn and so on and so forth.
Let's move on to the next lesson to make this more and more interesting.